Configuration for body parsing size limit (#7896)
zeit/next.js: packages/next/README.md

> [![Next.js](h

Reviewer: Seems this was broken.

- `req.query` - an object containing the [query string](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_string). Defaults to `{}`
- `req.body` - an object containing the body parsed by `content-type`, or `null` if no body is sent

> Body parsing is enabled by default and size limit of parsed body is `1mb`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Body parsing is enabled by default with a size limit of `1mb` for the parsed body.
```
